[TASK] Update the List Module section and its screenshots (#211)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-Editors: Documentation/ListModule/CopyPaste/Index.rst

:navigation-title: Copy and paste

..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  _list-copy-paste:

==============================
Copy and paste database record
==============================

You can copy and paste records in the :guilabel:`List` module using the context
menu and then choose "copy" (or cut if you want to move the record instead).

..  tip::
    If you want to copy or move several database records at once, use the
    :ref:`clipboard <clipboard>`.

..  contents:: Table of content

..  _list-copy-paste-howto:

How to copy and paste via list module
=====================================

Open the context menu by clicking the three dots button or the icon to the
left of the record. Copy or cut the database record.

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/ListModule/CopyRecord.png
    :alt: The context menu contains options copy and cut amongst others

    Copy or cut a record using the context menu.

To paste the copied record you have several options:

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/ListModule/PasteRecord.png
    :alt: Location of the paste buttons in the TYPO3 List module: At the top of the module and in the context menu.

>     (1) inserts the record at the end of the other records, with the context menu (2) you can choose the location

Reviewer: The `(1)` will be interpreted by RST as a numbered list. So, it was rendered as: `1. insert ... (2) you can`

Author: I escaped it, thanks for noting

..  _list-copy-paste-trouble:

Trouble shooting during copy and paste
======================================

If you see any error messages not listed here, note the date and time, error
message and what you have been doing. Send the information to your site
administrator.

..  _list-copy-paste-copy-1:

Why is the header appended with (copy 1)?
-----------------------------------------

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/ListModule/CopyOfRecord.png
    :alt: A copied content element with (copy 1) appended to its header

>     The pasted database record is changed to "Some Title (copy 1)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The pasted database record is changed to "Mercury (copy 1)"
```

only be created in pages of type "folder". If you try to insert such a record
on a plain page, an error message will be displayed:

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/ListModule/RecordOnPageError.png
    :alt: TYPO3 Backend Error: Attempt to insert record "fe_groups:3" on a page (8) that can't store record type

    Result of trying to copy a frontend user group into a plain page

The record was not pasted in this case. Use the page tree to switch to a folder,
for example the folder "Frontend Users" and click the "Paste in clipboard
content" there.

..  _list-copy-paste-unique:

The value of the field "username" has been changed as it is required to be unique
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some fields need to be unique across the complete TYPO3 installation, for example
a user name or identifier.

If you try to copy & paste such a record, the affected fields are automatically
renamed by appending a number.

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/ListModule/RecordUnique.png
    :alt: TYPO3 Backend Warning: The value of the field "username" has been changed from "galileo" to "galileo0" as it is required to be unique

>     Result of trying to copy a frontend user group into a plain page

Author: ```suggestion
    Fields that have to be unique are automatically alterered on paste
```

>     Result of trying to copy a frontend user group into a plain page

Reviewer: Copy & Paste ;-)
Wrong text for image
